you know, I was reloading strategies for you to be present with your team.
You know, books will have all kinds of recommendations for personally.
In my time, I have read a lot way had a lot of leadership examples
falls, but I still think the easiest long is N v w A management
by walking around that shows that your present you stay in your state
room. If you stay in, the longer you stay in the wardroom of the
bridge, don't get down to your spaces. Okay? That's gonna be noticed.
So the best way to be present is to be present. Go out and walk
the decks with your team with your master chief, Chief Petty officer
with your leading petty officer. Get out and about because they're
also help you one. When you first report to the ship, that's the best
thing to do. Walk around with everyone in the chain of command, okay?
And see it and try to understand where all your Spence is off. Because
again they are all your spaces and so you don't want to miss
it space. So the best way to do that is to walk around. Chief Petty
officer and petty officer. The officer should see all your spaces A
lot. Also. What? They have a point out by doing that? Yeah. When that
happened times over the ship that he has to turn over every space.
The ship. Judy's relief in every space assigned for Catholic. You don't
want to be the also that rules space. Oops. You that's going to
get you in the hot seat really quick. So the best way to do that is
to walk around.